Where is this? Who are you?
What do you think, Shen Qingyan?
I guess I'm pretty smart. What do you want?
Let it go, I'm fine
Just wanted to ask you a few questions
You are dreaming
Really?
Ahhh, what did you do to my companion?
Nothing.
I just want to ask him a few questions
And he wasn't very cooperative.
So I did a little trick.
I slashed him in the face
No no no I say everything
Really? Then how do I know?
Is what you said true?
I swear I will never lie to you.
Well, then I'll give you a chance.
Say whatever I ask you
Don't try to play tricks
Where are all the girls you arrested?
I don't know.
Really? I-I really don't know.
Just the guy with the knife
He gave us the money.
He asked us to find a target
Just get it in the car and give us the money